Add additional information about the Godot XR Vendor Plugin (#11515)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/xr/deploying_to_android.rst

You can find the main repository of the vendors plugin `here <https://github.com/GodotVR/godot_openxr_vendors>`__.

.. note::

>     From Godot 4.6 onwards the vendor plugin is now an optional but recommended plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    From Godot 4.6 onwards, the vendor plugin is now an optional but recommended plugin.
```

Click on **Add..** and select **Android**.
Next change the name of the export preset for the device you're setting this up for, say **Meta Quest**.
And enable **Use Gradle Build**.
Next change the **XR Mode** to **OpenXR**.
If you want to use one-click deploy (described below), ensure that **Runnable** is enabled.

If you've installed the vendor plugin you will also find entries for the different headsets under **XR Features**.
Select the entry for your headset if you see one.

> If you don't see one enable the Khronos plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the entry for your headset, if you see one.
Otherwise, enable the Khronos plugin.
```
